Serenna Beers: Hello.
Galaxy A20: Are you there. Can you hear me. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Seems like there's some connection issues, maybe
Galaxy A20: Also
Serenna Beers: Okay, can you hear, hear me now.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, I can hear me.
Serenna Beers: All right, well, I'll try to make this as quick and as paint. Paint painless as I possibly can. Have you ever done an assessment before
Serenna Beers: No. Okay, so it's just, I'm going to ask you a number of questions and you just you just answer them to the best of your ability, and then all of this information is given to your
Serenna Beers: Doctor into your therapist, whoever they assigned you to and then they build what they feel it will be in effect an effective individual real treat. Treat treat treatment plan which will help you know work on some goals that they're going to do while you're with bright heart and such.
Serenna Beers: So if you're good to go. I'll I will start
Galaxy A20: Yeah, I'm ready.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so tell me what brings you to bright heart health, and why now.
Galaxy A20: Well, to get clean and because I just, I'm getting I'm I'm getting older and I just feel like it's not as fun as it used to be. It's more of a challenge to just stay regular I guess some my body hurts, all the time. So,
Galaxy A20: Most of that's probably my line of work but yeah just it's a pain in the ass, you know,
Serenna Beers: Okay, what do you, what do you do
Galaxy A20: Smoke heroin, but
Galaxy A20: I'm trying to quit you know I'm been one been clean up with three days.
Serenna Beers: Good for you. That's huge.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, they give me those Suboxone and those I'm telling you those things. I can't believe it. I just put one of those things under my tongue like you know twice a day. I can't. I just can't believe what what they do.
Serenna Beers: Is that good.
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: I wasn't sure.
Galaxy A20: My cravings away and wonderful.
Galaxy A20: Withdrawals. You know, I know that because I haven't had any heroin. I know that I should be hurting right now, for sure. And it's been 72 hours.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
Galaxy A20: I don't feel it at all. It's wonderful.
Serenna Beers: Oh, that's so great to hear. So then, do you, I'm guessing that you deal with chronic pain, and if so, tell me what what was the event that that started you down that long journey of chronic pain.
Galaxy A20: Okay, so I broke my leg. When I was like
Galaxy A20: Like 14 on a dirt bike.
Galaxy A20: And they prescribed me Vikings for like three months.
Galaxy A20: Because I'm broke I fractured my femur and broke my leg up pretty good.
Galaxy A20: So they yeah they I was on bike, it ends for like three months when I was 14 and i just i remember liking those. So by the time I hit 17 you know I was quite taken them on a pretty regular basis, you know, but I was getting them off the street, obviously, at that time.
Galaxy A20: Okay, and it just progressed, the heroin was cheaper kills got way crazy expensive.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Galaxy A20: And then all through my 20s, I you know I did that I didn't never like and I got clean a few times, but I never. It was never like a problem, but now it's becoming a body issue like I just I can't, I can't do that. No more. It's breaking me down.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about it. Have you, do you have any prior history of substance abuse treatment or mental or mental health.
Galaxy A20: Not mental health, but I have been a few outpatient programs.
Galaxy A20: Here and we're live in Fresno.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Can you remember the name of them. I mean, it doesn't have to be 100% accurate, but maybe around about do
Galaxy A20: One I know one was the Methadone clinic and then the other one was the BART station.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And had you successfully completed those are
Galaxy A20: No, not, not, neither one of those, because those were methadone and I felt like what I wouldn't end up happening is I like to know more than I like the heroin.
Serenna Beers: And they're
Galaxy A20: Getting it to me for free so I can get
Galaxy A20: Loaded on that shit. You know, I like. But with this Suboxone I just it you don't get high on it. It just takes your cravings away and you feel normal. That's what I like about this stuff.
Serenna Beers: That's wonderful.
Galaxy A20: I'm not the don't. I was just using it like a drug, you know, eventually didn't take long.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about growing up. Tell me about that. Tell me about like first specific what your
Serenna Beers: Family life was like, were you adopted. Were you raised by both mom and dad or was her step mom and stepdad. What about brothers and sisters
Galaxy A20: Yeah so. Okay, I have
Galaxy A20: I have three brothers and an older sister. I'm the oldest of the boys and my sister is older than all so and then we come from a single mother.
Galaxy A20: She did get married, but it was kind of like when we're older. I think I was in eighth grade when they first when they are like seventh grade when they first got married and then so, but it wasn't like, you know, wasn't
Galaxy A20: Your typical she was a single mother, but she also pushed a lot of dope through Madeira, so
Galaxy A20: When I was when I was 17 i think you know da kicked in our door in the shirts, the Medina County Sheriff's Office. They kicked in our door to call us kids away and we ended up living with my aunts and like we scattered along some of us.
Galaxy A20: And then when all that finally blew over and we were adults. When by the time that happened you
Know,
Galaxy A20: I went on my own. It was pretty quick pretty normal childhood. But after about
Galaxy A20: 1514 like shit, really changed for us, like our parents were taken away and we lived with our aunts and uncles and all the different like in different spots.
Galaxy A20: So we're not all that close. You know, my family, my mom lives in Washington. Now I got family in Ohio. I got family in Oregon. I'm the only one left here in California.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: So your mom. She was addicted to substances.
Serenna Beers: Yeah okay, Matt. And then what about your siblings. Do you know if any of them not only just substances, but did anybody struggle with mental health issues at all or addiction or gambling or food or anything.
Galaxy A20: Both of my want to have my younger brothers are one of them's in prison and he's a dope addict and
Galaxy A20: The other one used to be in jail in and out of jail and blah, blah, blah. But he's getting hit somebody hit him with a pipe in the head, so he's not all there. Like I say, we're not all that close to, I don't know.
Galaxy A20: Okay, somebody hit him and he's not all there. So he is in some type of like mental like I don't know if it's a halfway house or where he is because he's not there no more.
Galaxy A20: Kind of he's kind of funny now.
Galaxy A20: And my youngest brother is he's a good kid. Overall, I mean, he's like 13 years or nine years younger than me and
Galaxy A20: He's a good kid. But he does. He says he don't he does this whole wax like he dabs
Galaxy A20: Why don't do that shit. But he thinks he's better than me because he does that, you know, but it's still he's still doing
Serenna Beers: Hmm.
Serenna Beers: Um,
Serenna Beers: So what about school what was school like for you growing up. How far did you get in school.
Galaxy A20: I graduated
Galaxy A20: Okay, my me and my sister graduated and so all so
Galaxy A20: three out of the five graduate
Galaxy A20: Okay, the super younger ones bitten, and I don't and I have. I know, Alan, you know, he got hit in his little naughty and I know that changing, but I think that was after school anyway for him, but I'm not sure.
Galaxy A20: And then with 10 he was kind of he he was born kind of
Galaxy A20: Special I guess like he's not all there either. He's totally normal. He's a normal kid, he is but there's he doesn't have, like, I don't know, like what it takes to grow up, you know,
Galaxy A20: He's like a child almost
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about did you ever struggle. Growing up with any learning disabilities at all.
Galaxy A20: Me.
Serenna Beers: Know, yeah. Okay. What about. Were there any events that stood out specifically for you growing up either in your neighborhood with family or friends, other than the trauma around what what had happened with your mom. Was there anything else that stood out to you.
Galaxy A20: I mean, well I have memories you know my childhood, good and bad.
Galaxy A20: You know, I'm like,
Galaxy A20: When all of us live together before anything happened, you know, we were pretty normal. My mom.
Galaxy A20: She did what she could, you know, and then
Galaxy A20: There was a lot of kids, you know, and she's by herself and all the dads were in and out of jail so
Galaxy A20: I mean I have to. Yeah, I have memories, nothing really stands out, you know, but I'm the type of person that
Galaxy A20: I guess I don't really go back, you know, unless somebody brings up a memory to me.
Galaxy A20: And I got
Galaxy A20: open that file that way. I don't really I don't really go back and think about stuff like that. Yes.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about. Have you ever served in the military at all.
Galaxy A20: No, no, I almost did. But no, I didn't I I chickened out. Because right when I was gonna go sign my life away.
Galaxy A20: The the
Galaxy A20: The terrorists war was a very real thing, it was happening right at that time.
Galaxy A20: There was a war going on and I was gonna
Galaxy A20: I turned into a Turkey and Iran. Like I was going to take, I took the test and everything and
Galaxy A20: They evaluated me, but I never went in and signed the what it was is I thought $15,000 signing bonus was going to be something, but after I thought about it, I just, I turned into a turkey and I ran off.
Serenna Beers: And what about to see. Do you have any financial or legal issues that you are can't concerned about at all.
Galaxy A20: No, I've never really been in trouble. I mean, I've been in trouble. A few times, but it was all when I was younger and told them work out, you know, lots of times past financial issues. I mean, I'm not rich, but I'm not poor either
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm. Okay, what about. Are you in a relationship now at all.
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Okay, can you can you share about that is it healthy. Do you
Galaxy A20: Yeah.
Galaxy A20: No, she's, she's really good for me. Um, we have three kids together.
And
Galaxy A20: I mean, we were good. There's no no, there's
Galaxy A20: She
Galaxy A20: She, she wants me to get better. That's
Galaxy A20: That then that's about a lot to, you know, but she also deals with a lot of shit today when it comes to me.
Serenna Beers: So she's supportive of you staying on this path and doing this Suboxone program for pain management versus using
Galaxy A20: That's good.
Galaxy A20: You know I yeah definitely that yeah cuz it was, it's always, you know, like when you say is it healthy you'd like to think it's healthy. But I don't know how healthy it is for her because she's not doing anything. And I'm a drug addict. So
Galaxy A20: You know she's been around it. So, but she doesn't accept it, which is a good thing because
Galaxy A20: That's a great thing.
Galaxy A20: And I'm ready to change to, like I said, I'm getting older.
Serenna Beers: I'm
Galaxy A20: Going to be in my mid 30s and I just my body can't take it anymore. That's i have i just i have i know i have to be sober, because the last time I was so grateful. I felt really good.
And then I'm
Galaxy A20: I relapsed like
Galaxy A20: I don't know, a year ago or so.
Serenna Beers: How was that was that quick or did it was it worse than what you thought it was going to be
Galaxy A20: It happened overnight. It seemed like and then it's like, almost didn't have a control of it.
Galaxy A20: Right. And yeah, and then
Galaxy A20: It went on for a while and that wasn't healthy because I was lying and trying to hide it.
Serenna Beers: And like
Galaxy A20: That's where like that kind of stirs problems up but then
Galaxy A20: It did kind of happen kind of fast, but in the same breath that kind of drug on to because it caused a lot of problems.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
Galaxy A20: I spent a lot of money on that shit. If that's that's not cheap and to get to help it. You guys are providing me I
Galaxy A20: I appreciate it. So I tend to use it to my advantage.
Good.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so then I assume because my next quiz question was, who do you live with. Do you live with. Is it your girlfriend or your or or is she your wife or
Galaxy A20: My fiance.
Serenna Beers: Okay, your fiance and then you live with your three kids.
Serenna Beers: Yes. Okay, cool. I'm thinking if I wondering if I missed anything. What about if you were to name like what are three specific goals. Let's just think of three that you hope to get out of your time with bright heart health. How do you plan to improve your life.
Galaxy A20: Well, I want a
Galaxy A20: Obviously, I'm here to get clean but
Galaxy A20: I want it to be.
Galaxy A20: Long term. You know, I've done a few times where I did, I quit. For a while, but it seems like after a year or maybe sometimes less than a year.
Galaxy A20: But usually right around a year. It's like, I find myself back in the same circle doing the same things. And, you know, telling
Galaxy A20: My girl that all no of course not but you know how it really happens is that you go to a party and you go and party.
Galaxy A20: And you do that and then you wake up the next day and you have to have more because you feel like shit. And what happens is is you get caught in this like endless cycle again it's
Galaxy A20: It's an eye.
Galaxy A20: When really, you should just stop or before you even start.
Serenna Beers: Well, it's when you have a choice, until you pick up again. So if you've been clean for, let's say, a month.
Serenna Beers: And you do have a choice. But once you pick up you lose the power of choice. And that's when it becomes you become powerless you you no longer have that choice because you've already fed the
Serenna Beers: Fed, the, the, the lion or a dragon. What, whatever you want to call it, and then it's off to the races. And every time that you get some clean time and you pick up again.
Serenna Beers: You go right back to where you started that much faster. I mean, it is really honestly it wipes you out faster every single time that you get some time and then you pick up again. I mean, and that's what addiction is it's just crazy.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, it is pretty wild. Sorry.
Serenna Beers: Yeah okay so i. So, what I hear is you want goals like relapse prevention skills real relapse prevention skills so you don't get to that year marker or six months marker and you think, Oh, well maybe I can just party for a night when of course we know that that's not what happens. Correct.
Serenna Beers: You would like some skills to be able to put those in place so that way when if that happens again and you're put in that spot.
Serenna Beers: You remove yourself from that high risk and you're able to apply those skills. So I hear that. What's a couple of other things that you want to get out. Besides way. I heard two things you want sobriety and you want to be able to not relapse. And then what about a third thing.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, want long term I'm
Galaxy A20: I'm
Galaxy A20: Really, that's the main two things. But if you guys are going to counsel me to maybe you guys can find out what's wrong.
Serenna Beers: Well, I do know that that we have, you know, lots of various types of services, everything from, you know, individual therapy trauma therapy.
Serenna Beers: I mean, substance abuse, education, there's all kinds of things. So I would highly
Serenna Beers: Recommend you know to really use us for what you need to become well mind, body and soul, you know, because it's not just about what you put in your body.
Serenna Beers: It's about why because it's not about what you use. But why you use it to begin with. You need to get to the root of it. And that's hopefully what we're going to be able to help you find
Galaxy A20: Okay, yes.
Serenna Beers: So how does that sound.
Galaxy A20: I'm okay with it and I'm ready, like I'm on I'm feel better than I did the day that I called you guys I'll tell you that.
Serenna Beers: That's so wonderful. Okay. Well, I don't know if I'll see you again if you who you're assigned to. But do you have group setup. Do you, do you know which groups that you're supposed to attend or anything.
Galaxy A20: Not yet. I'm fairly new so damn sure they're going to tell me sheet. The first meeting that we had was like this one on one. I thought it was going to be in a group meeting. That's what I took from the initial when I did my
Galaxy A20: My
Galaxy A20: drawing a blank. So when I
Galaxy A20: Thought you guys did an intake on me.
Serenna Beers: I screening. Okay.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, when she told me that it was gonna be like group meetings. And I was like,
Galaxy A20: When I called and did that for the first time, it was just hurting me. And then she said, but we were going to do group meetings.
Galaxy A20: Mm hmm cool with that because I've kind of like to hear everybody else's horror stories, you know,
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm. Sure. Well, then what I will, I will let them know at the clinic that you've finished your assessment will, they will know after this anyway because then this is
Serenna Beers: Transcribed and all the information that you shared with me, we'll get to the doctor who prescribes you this Suboxone as well as whoever your therapist is going to be. And somebody will be in touch with you to set up your individual sessions as well as your group sessions. All right.
Galaxy A20: Now can I tell you this. And I don't know if you can get this back to them or what but so when we first started
Galaxy A20: My doctor, we had, we had agreed on, because I have taken this before and we had agreed on a sheet and a half a day and with me working and everything. I just, I've been taking two
Galaxy A20: And she said that if that happened to just
Galaxy A20: let you guys know and that she would get it figured out to her, you know, my next prescription or whatever I can get the, the two instead of the one and a half.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so what I can do is send a message to the virtual clinic when we're done here to let them know that you're inquiring about wanting to discuss with your doctor your dosage because of your work. You're taking two instead of one and a half. Correct.
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Galaxy A20: Okay, I'm going to
Galaxy A20: sleep better at night.
Serenna Beers: Okay. All right. And then if you don't hear anything back from them, you know, and you need to find out, then I would recommend to go. Go ahead and and call in, just like you did.
Serenna Beers: This time to do our assessment and then you can share with them what what what you shared with me if they don't get back with you in time.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, cuz I was going to do that, but I think they close at five. So I was just going to tell you, while I have you on here and I will
Galaxy A20: Go through
Serenna Beers: Okay, well, I will. I'm as soon as
Serenna Beers: We hang up. I will send this message and let them know what you're asking for. And I do. I thought our virtual clinic, you could talk to somebody 24 seven
Serenna Beers: Yeah, I am.
Galaxy A20: Still learning the rules so
Galaxy A20: Maybe I can maybe I will just hang up with you.
Serenna Beers: I would say
Serenna Beers: Maybe you should call because then we cut out the middleman me who. This isn't my area and then that. That way you can find out firsthand what you need to know.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay, perfect. Well thank you very, very much. Justin I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day and I wish you the best of luck on your new adventure with us.
Galaxy A20: Thank you. All right.
Serenna Beers: Okay, thanks. Bye bye.